[GEOS-11102] Allow configuration of the CSV date format (#7078)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/user/source/services/wfs/webadmin.rst

The list will be used only for the capabilities document generation. It does not limit the actual target SRS usage in GetFeature requests.

CSV
---
.. figure:: img/services_WFS_csv.png

   WFS configuration options - CSV section 

CSV is still widely used as a format to exchange tabular data. For GeoServer CSV output format, date field format can specified using Date Format textbox as shown above.

Here are some common formatting patterns supported: yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ss.SSS'Z', yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss, 

> Here, yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ss.SSS'Z' pattern represents the year, month, day, hour, minute, second and milliseconds. The components are separated by hyphen character. A literal 'T' character used to separate the date and time parts. A literal 'Z' character that represents the UTC. For instance, yyyy represents the year with four digits, MM represents the month with leading zeros, dd represents the day with leading zeros, and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ss.SSS'Z' pattern represents the year, month, day, hour, minute, second and milliseconds. The components are separated by a hyphen character. A literal 'T' character is used to separate the date and time parts. A literal 'Z' character represents the UTC time zone. For instance, yyyy represents the year with four digits, MM represents the month with leading zeros, dd represents the day with leading zeros, and so on.
```

> Similarly, Patterns can be formed using below characters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, patterns can be formed by using the characters provided below
```
